capital = 6
oob = "BEL_1910"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.90
set_war_support = 0.05
set_convoys = 80
ENG={
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BEL
		autonomy_state = autonomy_satellite
	}
	BEL={
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = democratic
			last_election = "1908.5.24"
			election_frequency = 24 
			elections_allowed = yes 
		}
		set_cosmetic_tag = FLA
		set_popularities = {
			fascism = 3
			communism = 9
			democratic = 49
			conservative = 22
			neutrality = 17
		}
	}
}
set_country_flag = Scramble_for_Africa
set_cosmetic_tag = FLA
recruit_character = BEL_albert_i
recruit_character = BEL_edward_anseele
recruit_character = BEL_frans_schollaert
recruit_character = BEL_august_borms

recruit_character = BEL_laurent_vandersmissen
recruit_character = BEL_charles_de_broqueville
recruit_character = BEL_paul_hymans
recruit_character = BEL_felix_fuchs
recruit_character = BEL_antonin_de_selliers_de_moranville
recruit_character = BEL_felix_wielemans
recruit_character = BEL_louis_ruquoy
recruit_character = BEL_emile_dossin
recruit_character = BEL_cyriaque_gillain
recruit_character = BEL_gerard_leman
recruit_character = BEL_leon_de_witte
recruit_character = BEL_jules_jacques_de_dixmude
recruit_character = BEL_charles_tombeur
recruit_character = BEL_albert_lantonnois_van_rode
recruit_character = BEL_clement_de_saint_marcq
recruit_character = BEL_jules_davignon
recruit_character = BEL_jules_renkin
recruit_character = BEL_michel_levie
recruit_character = BEL_herman_baltia
recruit_character = BEL_baron_wahis
recruit_character = BEL_marcel_de_crombrugghe
recruit_character = BEL_adolf_proost
recruit_character = BEL_joseph_hellebaut
recruit_character = BEL_baron_mathieu
recruit_character = BEL_count_carton_de_wiart
recruit_character = BEL_edouard_empain
recruit_character = BEL_aloys_van_de_vyvere
recruit_character = BEL_leon_delacroix
recruit_character = BEL_fulgence_mason
recruit_character = BEL_emile_vandervelden
recruit_character = BEL_joseph_jacquemotte
recruit_character = BEL_henry_h_maglinse
recruit_character = BEL_gerard_cooreman
recruit_character = BEL_adrian_carton_de_wiart

recruit_character = BEL_adalbert
recruit_character = BEL_wilhelmina


	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		bicycle_infantry = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#armor
		early_armored_car = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		
		#doctrine
		ww1_landdoctrine = 1
		
		#navy
		transport = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
        
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1908.5.24"
		election_frequency = 24 
		elections_allowed = yes 
	}
	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 3
		communism = 9
		democratic = 49
		conservative = 22
		neutrality = 17
	}

	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		BEL_idea_albert_i
	}