capital = 126
oob = "ENG_1910"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.60
set_war_support = 0.25
set_convoys = 638
declare_war_on = {
	target = NGA
	type = annex_everything
}
give_guarantee = FRA
give_guarantee = JAP #Anglo-Japanese Alliance
starting_train_buffer = 4

set_country_flag = Scramble_for_Africa

# Great Game
# Doesn't need explaining
add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = FRA
	modifier = historical_rival
}
# Anglo-Japanese Alliance
add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = JAP
	modifier = anglo_japanese_alliance
}

# Protectorates - countries with own ruler under british protection and diplomatic dependence. Colonies - countries with british administration.
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SAF
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
		freedom_level = 0.43
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = RAJ
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = CAN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.4
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = AST
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = NZL
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.15
	}
	#Egypt wasn't a protectorate until 1914
	
	else = {
		puppet = SAF
		puppet = RAJ
		puppet = CAN
		puppet = AST
		puppet = NZL
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_subject_autonomy_feature = yes
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MAL
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.5
	}
	MAL = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KED
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 1.5
	}
	KED = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KEL
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 1.5
	}
	KEL = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = PLS
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 1.5
	}
	PLS = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = TRG
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 1.5
	}
	TRG = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = AFG
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	AFG = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BHU
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 7
	}
	BHU = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = NEP
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	NEP = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MSC
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	MSC = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KUW
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	KUW  = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BHR
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	BHR  = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SRW
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	SRW  = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BRN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	BRN  = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SKK
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	SKK  = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = ZAN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.8
	}
	ZAN  = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MLD
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.5
	}
	MLD = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	else = {
		puppet = MAL
		MAL = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = KED
		KED = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = KEL
		KEL = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = PLS
		PLS = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = TRG
		TRG = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = AFG
		AFG = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = BHU
		BHU = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = NEP
		NEP = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = OMA
		OMA = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = KUW
		KUW = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = DAR
		DAR = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = BHR
		BHR = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = SRW
		SRW = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = BRN
		BRN = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = SKK
		SKK = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = ZAN
		ZAN = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = MLD
		MLD = { add_ideas = protectorate }
	}
}

give_guarantee = BEL # Treaty of London 1839
give_guarantee = PER # Russo-British Intervention

give_guarantee = SIA # Anglo-Siamese Treaty of 1909
give_guarantee = JOH

recruit_character = ENG_henry_hyndman
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_henry_asquith
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_kitchener

recruit_character = ENG_george_v
recruit_character = ENG_douglas_haig
recruit_character = ENG_edmund_allenby
recruit_character = ENG_david_lloyd_george
recruit_character = ENG_edward_grey
recruit_character = ENG_andrew_bonar_law
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_george_wells
recruit_character = ENG_edward_reynolds_pease
recruit_character = ENG_george_lansbury

recruit_character = ENG_charles_edward
recruit_character = ENG_victoria_ii

recruit_character = ENG_winston_churchill
recruit_character = ENG_stanley_baldwin
recruit_character = ENG_oswald_mosley
recruit_character = ENG_harry_pollitt
recruit_character = ENG_john_french
recruit_character = ENG_william_robertson
recruit_character = ENG_edward_viii
recruit_character = ENG_fallen_government
recruit_character = ENG_john_robert_clynes
recruit_character = ENG_ramsay_macdonald
recruit_character = ENG_edward_carson
recruit_character = ENG_henry_page_croft
recruit_character = ENG_austen_chamberlain
recruit_character = ENG_london_commune
recruit_character = ENG_ellen_wilkinson
recruit_character = ENG_lewis_pugh_evans
recruit_character = ENG_james_lowther
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_connaught
recruit_character = ENG_paul_methuen
recruit_character = ENG_ian_hamilton
recruit_character = ENG_rudolph_lambart
recruit_character = ENG_aylmer_hunterweston
recruit_character = ENG_j_f_c_fuller
recruit_character = ENG_reginald_wingate
recruit_character = ENG_leslie_rundle
recruit_character = ENG_robert_badenpowell
recruit_character = ENG_george_harper
recruit_character = ENG_hugh_elles
recruit_character = ENG_james_grierson
recruit_character = ENG_henry_horne
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_plumer
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_maude
recruit_character = ENG_anthony_ashleycooper
recruit_character = ENG_ivor_maxse
recruit_character = ENG_henry_rawlinson
recruit_character = ENG_horace_smith_dorrien
recruit_character = ENG_julian_byng
recruit_character = ENG_george_milne
recruit_character = ENG_thomas_doyly_snow
recruit_character = ENG_william_hickie
recruit_character = ENG_john_capper
recruit_character = ENG_lionel_dunsterville
recruit_character = ENG_oliver_nugent
recruit_character = ENG_alfred_knox
recruit_character = ENG_hubert_gough
recruit_character = ENG_edmund_ironside
recruit_character = ENG_frank_crozier

#Admirals
recruit_character = ENG_john_jellicoe
recruit_character = ENG_william_pakenham
recruit_character = ENG_reginald_tyrwhitt
recruit_character = ENG_david_beatty
recruit_character = ENG_lionel_halsey
recruit_character = ENG_john_fisher
recruit_character = ENG_percy_scott
recruit_character = ENG_roger_keyes
recruit_character = ENG_dudley_de_chair
recruit_character = ENG_christopher_cradock
recruit_character = ENG_william_may
recruit_character = ENG_george_callaghan
recruit_character = ENG_william_goodenough
recruit_character = ENG_horace_hood
recruit_character = ENG_reginald_bacon
recruit_character = ENG_francis_bridgeman
recruit_character = ENG_archibald_berkeley_milne


recruit_character = ENG_mansfield_smith_cumming
recruit_character = ENG_g_k_chesterton
recruit_character = ENG_sir_hiram_maxim
recruit_character = ENG_w_t_stead
recruit_character = ENG_henry_petty_fitzmaurice
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_mullaly
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_lambart
recruit_character = ENG_garrett_o_moore_creagh
recruit_character = ENG_john_maclean
recruit_character = ENG_albert_inkpin
recruit_character = ENG_rudyard_kipling
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_balfour
recruit_character = ENG_george_macdonogh
recruit_character = ENG_reginald_mckenna
recruit_character = ENG_hugh_trenchard
recruit_character = ENG_louis_alexander_mountbatten
recruit_character = ENG_richard_haldane
recruit_character = ENG_walter_long
recruit_character = ENG_neville_lyttleton
recruit_character = ENG_william_peel
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_roberts
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_sykes
recruit_character = ENG_alf_watts
recruit_character = ENG_ernest_bax
recruit_character = ENG_manny_shinwell
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_henderson
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_wilson
recruit_character = ENG_george_macaulay_kirkpatrick
recruit_character = ENG_ormonde_winter
recruit_character = ENG_edward_james_headlam
recruit_character = ENG_charles_vaughan_lee
recruit_character = ENG_percy_zachariah_cox
recruit_character = ENG_julian_corbett
recruit_character = ENG_geoffrey_de_havilland
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_samuel
recruit_character = ENG_frederic_natusch_maude
recruit_character = ENG_aretas_akers_douglas
recruit_character = ENG_archibald_murray
recruit_character = ENG_david_henderson
recruit_character = ENG_archie_wavell
recruit_character = ENG_clement_attlee

1910.1.1 = {
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		bicycle_infantry = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#armor
		early_armored_car = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		howitzer1 = 1
		
		#doctrine
		ww1_landdoctrine = 1

		fleet_in_being = 1
		
		#air
		airship = 1
		scout_plane = 1
		
		#engineering
		early_fire_control_system = 1
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		analytical_engine = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		aircraft_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_train = 1
        
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1906.12.3" #3–19 December 1910	
		election_frequency = 48 
		elections_allowed = yes 
	}	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 0
		communism = 3
		democratic = 87
		neutrality = 10
	}
	
	add_ideas = {
		george_v
		
	}


	#set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }

	set_naval_oob = "ENG_1910_Naval_Legacy"

	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	### Variants ###
	# Drednoughts #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "King George V Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Neptune Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Colossus Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "St Vincent Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dreadnought Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Pre-Drednoughts #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Lord Nelson Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Swiftsure Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "King Edward VII Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Duncan Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "London Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Formidable Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Canopus Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Majestic Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Royal Sovereign Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Indefatigable Class"
		type = battle_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	# Armored Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Warrior Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Duke of Edinburgh Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Devonshire Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Monmouth Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Drake Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cressy Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	# Town Class
	# Protected Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Challenger Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Highflyer Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pelorus Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Arrogant Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Diadem Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Powerful Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Edgar Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pearl Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Blake Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Eclipse Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Astraea Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Apollo Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Boadicea Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sentinel Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pathfinder Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Forward Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Adventure Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "River Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "D Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "C Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "B Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "TB 114 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "TB 81 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Submarines #
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_naval_oob = "ENG_1910_naval_mtg"

	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1	
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	}

	#Dreadnoughts
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "King George V Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Minas Geraes Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Colossus Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Neptune Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "St Vincent Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bellerophon Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dreadnought Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	#Pre-Dreadnoughts
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Lord Nelson Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Swiftsure Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "King Edward VII Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Duncan Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "London Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Formidable Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Canopus Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Majestic Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Royal Sovereign Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Indefatigable Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Invincible Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Armored Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Minotaur Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Warrior Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Duke of Edinburgh Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Devonshire Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Monmouth Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Drake Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cressy Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Town Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Protected Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Topaze Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Challenger Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Highflyer Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pelorus Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Arrogant Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Diadem Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Powerful Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Edgar Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pearl Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Blake Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Eclipse Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Astraea Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Apollo Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Boadicea Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sentinel Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pathfinder Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Forward Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Adventure Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	#Destroyers
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tribal Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "River Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "D Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "C Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "B Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cricket Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "TB 114 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "TB 81 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	#Submarines
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A/B/C/D Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	#Give player chance to build it.
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Sidney Reilly"
		GFX = GFX_ENG_Sidney_Reilly
		traits = { operative_double_agent operative_tough operative_infiltrator operative_seducer }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { ENG GER JAP RUS } #originally had UKR too but was removed as it felt pretty redundant
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Harry Houdini"
		GFX = GFX_ENG_harry_houdini
		traits = { operative_infiltrator operative_safe_cracker operative_escape_artist }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = no
		nationalities = { USA AUH HUN }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Oswald Rayner"
		GFX = GFX_ENG_oswald_rayner
		traits = { operative_infiltrator operative_linguist operative_well_groomed }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { ENG }
	}
}
country_event = { id = ww1_developer_note.1 days = 1}

create_faction = central_powers

add_to_faction = RUS
give_guarantee = GER
give_guarantee = HOL
give_guarantee = CSA
give_guarantee = TUR
give_guarantee = POR
add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = GER
	modifier = personal_friendship
}
GER={
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = ENG
		modifier = personal_friendship
	}
}
RUS={
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = GER
		modifier = personal_friendship
	}
	GER={
		add_opinion_modifier = {
			target = RUS
			modifier = personal_friendship
		}
	}
}