capital = 111

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.36
set_war_support = 0.74
set_convoys = 30
set_cosmetic_tag = FIN_RUS_puppet
RUS={
	set_autonomy = {
		target = FIN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
}
FIN = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
recruit_character = FIN_carl_gustaf_mannerheim
recruit_character = FIN_pehr_evind_svinhufvud
recruit_character = FIN_kullervo_manner

recruit_character = FIN_kaarlo_juho_stahlberg
recruit_character = FIN_fredrik_kaarle_i

recruit_character = FIN_juhani_arajarvi
recruit_character = FIN_juho_kusti_paasikivi
recruit_character = FIN_kaarlo_castren
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_ingman
recruit_character = FIN_joho_vennola
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_malmberg
recruit_character = FIN_martin_wetzer
recruit_character = FIN_onni_talas
recruit_character = FIN_otto_stenroth
recruit_character = FIN_carl_seber
recruit_character = FIN_johan_allan_hygerth
recruit_character = FIN_ernst_linder	
recruit_character = FIN_ernst_lofstrom
recruit_character = FIN_hannes_ignatius
recruit_character = FIN_hans_kalm
recruit_character = FIN_karl_fredrik_wilkama	
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_petter_nenonen

#Reds
recruit_character = FIN_antti_liviranta
recruit_character = FIN_otto_wille_kuusinen
recruit_character = FIN_emil_elo
recruit_character = FIN_jussi_lumivuokko
recruit_character = FIN_konsta_lindqvist
recruit_character = FIN_matti_turkia
recruit_character = FIN_edvard_gylling
recruit_character = FIN_oskari_tokoi
recruit_character = FIN_yrjo_sirola
recruit_character = FIN_jalo_kohonen
recruit_character = FIN_lauri_letonmaki
recruit_character = FIN_adolf_taimi
recruit_character = FIN_eero_haapalainen
recruit_character = FIN_evert_eloranta	
recruit_character = FIN_eino_rahja
recruit_character = FIN_ali_aaltonen
recruit_character = FIN_verner_lehtimaki
recruit_character = FIN_august_wesley	

set_cosmetic_tag = FIN_senate

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		motorised_infantry = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#armor
		early_armored_car = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		
		#doctrine
		ww1_landdoctrine = 1

		#navy
		transport = 1

		#air
		scout_plane = 1
		airship = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		aircraft_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_train = 1
        
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality 
		last_election = "1906.7.26" 
		election_frequency = 72
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 1
		communism = 25
		democratic = 39
		neutrality = 35
	}
	add_ideas = {
		sisu
	}
