capital = 2
oob = "ITA_1910"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.55
set_war_support = 0.33
set_convoys = 175
set_major = yes

starting_train_buffer = 1.5

set_country_flag = Scramble_for_Africa

# Risorgimento
add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = AUH
	modifier = historical_rival
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_subject_autonomy_feature = yes
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MJT
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	MJT  = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = HBY
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.8
	}
	HBY  = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	else = {
		puppet = MJT
		MJT = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = HBY
		HBY = { add_ideas = protectorate }
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = GLD
		autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
		freedom_level = 0.1
	}
	else = {
		puppet = GLD
	}
}	

give_guarantee = GER
give_guarantee = AUH

recruit_character = ITA_filippo_turati
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele_iii
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_corradini
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele_orlando
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_luzzatti

recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_giolitti
recruit_character = ITA_antonio_salandra
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_boselli
recruit_character = ITA_ivanoe_bonomi
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_facta

recruit_character = ITA_umberto_ii

recruit_character = ITA_costantino_lazzari
recruit_character = ITA_anna_kuliscioff
recruit_character = ITA_nicola_bombacci
recruit_character = ITA_filippo_corridoni
recruit_character = ITA_alceste_de_ambris

recruit_character = ITA_alberto_pollio
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_cadorna
recruit_character = ITA_emanuele_filiberto
recruit_character = ITA_armando_diaz
recruit_character = ITA_gaetano_giardino
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_badoglio
recruit_character = ITA_luca_montuori
recruit_character = ITA_alberico_albricci
recruit_character = ITA_maurizio_ferrante_gonzaga
recruit_character = ITA_pecori_giraldi
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_cavaciocchi
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_caviglia
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_brusati
recruit_character = ITA_giorgio_emo_capodilista
recruit_character = ITA_mario_nicolis_di_robilant
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_camerana
recruit_character = ITA_emilio_de_bono
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_caneva
recruit_character = ITA_giacinto_ferrero
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cavallero
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele_di_savoy_aosta
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_capello
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_nava
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_frugoni
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_ettore_vigano

recruit_character = ITA_thaon_di_revel
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_avallone
recruit_character = ITA_alfredo_acton
recruit_character = ITA_umberto_cagni
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_amedeo
recruit_character = ITA_marcello_amero_dastestella
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_italico_zupelli
recruit_character = ITA_camillo_corsi
recruit_character = ITA_osvaldo_paladini

recruit_character = ITA_mario_calderara
recruit_character = ITA_leone_viale
recruit_character = ITA_pier_angelo_brandimarte
recruit_character = ITA_alessandro_guidoni
recruit_character = ITA_maurizio_moris
recruit_character = ITA_giulio_douhet
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_battista_marieni

recruit_character = ITA_antonino_paterne_castello
recruit_character = ITA_gabriele_d_annunzio
recruit_character = ITA_maffeo_pantaleoni
recruit_character = ITA_filippo_tommaso_marinetti
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_pelloux
recruit_character = ITA_coriolano_ponza
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_marcora
recruit_character = ITA_giulio_alessio
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_arlotta
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_credaro
recruit_character = ITA_ettore_sacchi
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_saverio_nitti
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_bertolini
recruit_character = ITA_rosolino_poggii
recruit_character = ITA_guido_romanelli

recruit_character = ITA_benito_mussolini

recruit_character = ITA_ferdinando_iii

recruit_character = ITA_randolfo_pacciardi
recruit_character = ITA_argo_secondari
recruit_character = ITA_edmondo_rossoni
recruit_character = ITA_arnaldo_azzi



	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#armor
		early_armored_car = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		howitzer1 = 1
		
		#doctrine
		ww1_landdoctrine = 1

		#air
		scout_plane = 1
		airship = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		aircraft_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_train = 1
        
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1909.10.26"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 30
		conservative = 25
		fascism = 4
		communism = 5
		socialist = 10
		neutrality = 26
	}

	add_ideas = {
		limited_conscription
		victor_emmanuel_ww1
	}



if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Luisa Zeni"
		GFX = GFX_ITA_Luisa_Zeni
		traits = { operative_infiltrator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { ITA AUH AUS }
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}

	set_naval_oob = "ITA_1910_naval_legacy"

	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	# Pre-Dreadnoughts #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ammiraglio di Saint Bon Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Regina Margherita Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Regina Elena Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	# Ironclads #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Caio Duilio Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Italia Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ruggiero di Lauria Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Re Umberto Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Armored Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Marco Polo Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vettor Pisani Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Giuseppe Garibaldi Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pisa Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "San Giorgio Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	# Protected Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Giovanni Bausan Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Etna Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Piemonte Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Regioni Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Calabria Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Torpedo Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Goito Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Partenope Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Agordat Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Gunboats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Castore Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Lampo Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nembo Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Soldato Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
	}
	# Torpedo Boats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sirio Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pegaso Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Orione Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_naval_oob = "ITA_1910_naval_mtg"

	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1	
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	}

	# Pre-Dreadnoughts #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ammiraglio di Saint Bon Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Regina Margherita Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Regina Elena Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Ironclads #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Caio Duilio Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Italia Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ruggiero di Lauria Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Re Umberto Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ITA_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Armored Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Marco Polo Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vettor Pisani Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Giuseppe Garibaldi Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pisa Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "San Giorgio Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Giovanni Bausan Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Etna Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Piemonte Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Regioni Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Calabria Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Torpedo Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Goito Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Partenope Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Agordat Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Gunboats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Castore Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ITA_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Lampo Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nembo Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Soldato Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Torpedo Boats #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sirio Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pegaso Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Orione Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ITA_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}