capital = 277

set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.36
set_convoys = 62
set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

recruit_character = MEX_agustin_iii
recruit_character = MEX_ricardo_flores_magon
recruit_character = MEX_porfirio_diaz
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_madero
recruit_character = MEX_bernardo_reyes

recruit_character = MEX_emiliano_zapata
recruit_character = MEX_jose_yves_limantour
recruit_character = MEX_ramon_corral
recruit_character = MEX_abraham_gonzalez
recruit_character = MEX_victoriano_huerta
recruit_character = MEX_venustiano_carranza
recruit_character = MEX_alvaro_obregon
recruit_character = MEX_salvador_alvarado
recruit_character = MEX_plutarco_elias_calles
recruit_character = MEX_candido_aguilar
recruit_character = MEX_salinas_camina
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_leon_de_la_barra
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_roque_serrano
recruit_character = MEX_valentin_gama_y_cruz
recruit_character = MEX_alfredo_serratos_amador
recruit_character = MEX_querido_moheno
recruit_character = MEX_jose_lopez_portillo_y_rojas
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_garza_aldape
recruit_character = MEX_carlos_pereyra
recruit_character = MEX_jose_refugio_velasco
recruit_character = MEX_alberto_salinas_carranza
recruit_character = MEX_ignacio_l_pesqueira
recruit_character = MEX_gilberto_valenzuela
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_l_urquizo
recruit_character = MEX_aureliano_blanquet
recruit_character = MEX_rafael_eguia_lis
recruit_character = MEX_felipe_angeles
recruit_character = MEX_felix_diaz
recruit_character = MEX_angel_garcia_pena
recruit_character = MEX_jeronimo_trevino
recruit_character = MEX_higinio_aguilar
recruit_character = MEX_juan_jose_navarro_baez
recruit_character = MEX_jose_azueta
recruit_character = MEX_angel_ortiz_monasterio
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_azueta
recruit_character = MEX_othon_p_blanco
recruit_character = MEX_hilario_rodriguez_malpica_segovia
recruit_character = MEX_hilario_rodriguez_malpica_saliva
recruit_character = MEX_ignacio_alcocer
recruit_character = MEX_santiago_gonzalez_cordero
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_pacheco
recruit_character = MEX_juan_guillermo_villasana
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_mondragon
recruit_character = MEX_pascual_orozco
recruit_character = MEX_pancho_villa
recruit_character = MEX_pablo_gonzalez_garza
recruit_character = MEX_ramon_f_ituribe
recruit_character = MEX_lucio_blanco
recruit_character = MEX_juan_g_cabral
recruit_character = MEX_eulalio_gutierrez
recruit_character = MEX_cesareo_castro_villareal
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_luis_urquizo
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_jose_mugica
recruit_character = MEX_roque_gonzalez_garza
recruit_character = MEX_felix_uresti_gomez

#Zapatist
recruit_character = MEX_eufemio_zapata
recruit_character = MEX_amador_salazar
recruit_character = MEX_felipe_neri
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_mendoza_palma
recruit_character = MEX_genovevo_de_la_o
recruit_character = MEX_gildardo_magana_cerda
recruit_character = MEX_jesus_h_salgado
recruit_character = MEX_otilio_montano


	oob = "MEX_1910"

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1

		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1

		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
        
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1904.7.10" 
		election_frequency = 72 
		elections_allowed = yes 
	}		
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 0
		communism = 11
		democratic = 24
		neutrality = 65
	}
	
	add_ideas = { 
		MEX_idea_agustin_iii
	}
	give_military_access = FRA